Capstone Project: algoRythmsStatement: A game that gets you into the rhythm of solving algorithms in pairsTech Stacks:1.    Node2.    Express3.    React4.    Redux5.    Firebase6.    OpenTok7.    Web Worker + Ace Editor8.    Material UI9.    Three.jsMVP – Tier 1-    Users should be able to make an account-    Practice problems through pair programming – Web Worker + Ace Editor + Firebaseo    Will look into Docker if time permit***-    Shared screen/ same editor during the process-    Earn points for completion of problems.-    Implement basic web security-    Securing route-    Integrate OpenTok – voice communicationTier 2 Part A-    UI/UX-    Implement web security-    Ace Editor – add more problems/test cases/freeze editor-    Pair programming with REACTO – Video Session - OpenTok-    Timer to switch up roles. One person’s mic is muted, and other person explains. One navigator/One driver.-    Switch up every 5 or 10 minutes featuresTier 2 Part B-    No Guest - ( Some kind of homepage to redirect them and ask to sign up )-    User Profile-    Level up based on earn points/completed problems.-    Continuous Integration Deployment (CI/CD)-    Repeat the REACTO Process promptsTier 3-    Emojis for the muted person to interact with navigator-    Screen to draw diagrams for examples ?-    Ranking up will have animations (3D / Three.js)-    Unlocking coloring themes/bonus with ranking up-    Home/Landing Page will have nice 3D or Three.js animation-    Share their process/ and contribute problems – Share their profile if possibleTier 4-    Coding challenges – weekly contest with timer to solve an algorithm or debugging.-    Compete with each other with some kind of ranking/face off.-    Pair programming will increase difficulty level.-    Contribute problems (edited)